Add description of SGB detection using initial register values (#309)
gbdev/pandocs: src/SGB_Unlocking.md

## Detecting SGB hardware

SGB hardware can be detected by examining the initial value of the C

> register directly after startup. A value of $14 indicates SGB or SGB2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
register directly after startup: a value of $14 indicates SGB or SGB2
```

> hardware. It is also possible to separate between SGB and SGB2 models by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hardware. It is also possible to separate between SGB and SGB2 by
```

examining the initial value of the A register directly after startup.
Note that the DMG and MGB share initial A register values with the SGB

> and SGB2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and SGB2 respectively.
```

Console | A Register | C Register
--------|------------|------------
DMG     | $01        | $13
SGB     | $01        | $14
MGB     | $FF        | $13
SGB2    | $FF        | $14

For initial register values on all systems, see the table of all [CPU
registers after power-up](<#CPU registers>).

The SGB2 doesn't have any extra features which'd require separate SGB2
detection except for curiosity purposes, for example, the game "Tetris
DX" chooses to display an alternate SGB border on SGB2s.

Only the SGB2 contains a link port.

> SGB hardware can also be detected by sending MLT_REQ commands, but this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SGB hardware has traditionally been detected by sending [`MLT_REQ` commands](<#SGB Command 11h - MLT_REQ>), but this
```
or
```suggestion
SGB hardware has canonically been detected by sending [`MLT_REQ` commands](<#SGB Command 11h - MLT_REQ>), but this
```

method is more complicated and slower than checking the value of the A

> and C registers after startup. The MLT_REQ command enables two (or four)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and C registers after startup. The `MLT_REQ` command enables two (or four)
```

joypads; a normal handheld Game Boy will ignore this command, but an SGB
will return incrementing joypad IDs each time when deselecting keypad

> lines (see MLT_REQ description for details). The joypad state/IDs can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lines ([see `MLT_REQ` description](<#Reading Multiple Controllers (Joypads)>)). The joypad state/IDs can
```

then be read out several times, and if the IDs are changing, then it is
an SGB (a normal Game Boy would typically always return $0F as the ID).
Finally, when not intending to use more than one joypad, send another

> MLT_REQ command in order to re-disable the multi-controller mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MLT_REQ` command in order to disable the multi-controller mode.
```

Detection works regardless of how many joypads are physically connected

> to the SNES. However, detection works only when having unlocked SGB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the SNES. However, unlike the C register method, this detection works only when
```

> functions in the cartridge header, as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SGB functions [are unlocked from the cartridge header](<#Cartridge Header>).
```
